# Definitions and explainations

## Short about the SDK

When we're building XNU, it's required to have some tools and headers that are missing from the shipped SDKs from Apple. This is why guides tends to make you build some projects, then xnu headers, then some more projects and at last xnu itself. It could be smart making a copy of your SDK so you can easily revert if something goes bad. The SDKs path can be found via the command `xcrun --show-sdk-path` but it's almost always inside Xcode like this: `/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Platforms/MacOSX.platform/Developer/SDKs/MacOSX10.12.sdk`.

## Why would I compile my own XNU?

If you don't know it, don't do it. Seriously.

## Worst case senario?

You'll lose all your data, your macbook or hacktoch explodes and almost kills you instantly.

## Definitions

## (U)EFI

A replacement system for the old BIOS. If I don't remember wrong, the EFI implementation is at least twice as big as the XNU codebase. ...A lot happens here beyond our eyes.

[Here](https://github.com/tianocore/edk2) you'll find EDK 2, which is an open implementation of EFI. You can for example use the Ovmf package as a custom BIOS for your QEMU or VirtualBox installation.


## KEXTs

XNU provides a kernel extension mechanism as a means of allowing dynamic loading of pieces of code into kernel space, without the need to recompile. These pieces of code are known generically as plug-ins or, in the OS X kernel environment, as kernel extensions or KEXTs. Because KEXTs provide both modularity and dynamic loadability, they are a natural choice for any relatively self-contained service that requires access to interfaces that are not exported to user space. Many of the components of the kernel environment support this extension mechanism, though they do so in different ways.

## DSDT/SSDTs

* These DSDTs are stripped to be minimal (~6 KiB) and contain device property injection for IGPUs, PCIe GPUs, and HDMI audio and can contain ACPI tables. The DSDT is compiled and copied to the appropriate folder on the EFI system partition by for example Clover.

* SSDT for Power Management, and can be generated by scripts like Pike R. Alpha's [found here](https://github.com/Piker-Alpha/ssdtPRGen.sh).

## PE32

This is the fileformat that (U)EFI uses. It's the same format as Microsoft Windows uses for their .exe and .dll files.

## SMC

It stands for System Management Controller, and it's where Apple put their little copyright blocker. But it's also deeply connected to the power management system for a mac.


